AI #1336: Refactor entity name references and usage (#1567)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/overview.md

This specification is designed to be used by three major groups:

> * Billing data generators: Infrastructure and *service providers* that bill based on consumption, such as (but not limited to):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Billing data generators: Entities that present consumption-based billing information related to infrastructure and *service providers*, such as (but not limited to):
```
